Who has Drew " Clint " Dempsey / ˈdɛmpsi / ( born March 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and served as the captain of the United States national team?
When has Clint DempseyClinton Drew " Clint " Dempsey / ˈdɛmpsi / ( born March 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and served as the captain of the United States national team?
Where has Clint DempseyClinton Drew " Clint " Dempsey / ˈdɛmpsi / ( born March 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and served as the captain of the national team?
Has Clint DempseyClinton Drew " Clint " Dempsey / ˈdɛmpsi / ( born March 9 , 1983 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer and served as the captain of the United States national team?
Who has DempseyClinton also played for New England Revolution , and Tottenham Hotspur?
Has DempseyClinton also played for New England Revolution , Fulham and Tottenham Hotspur?
Who became the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League, in the 5–2 win over Newcastle United in January 2012?
Did Dempsey become the first American player to score a hat -trick in the English Premier League , in the 5 – 2 win over Newcastle United in January 2012?
Who has earned over 100 caps and scored 48 international goals, making him the nation's sixth-most capped player and second top scorer of all time?
Has Dempsey earned over 100 caps and scored 48 international goals , making him the nation 's sixth - most capped player and second top scorer of all time?
Who is of Irish descent on his father's side?
Does Dempsey be of Irish descent on his father 's side?
Who did did did 's older brother Ryan be offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and bring Clint , who be noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Who did did did Dempsey 's older brother be offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and bring Clint , who be noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Where did did did Dempsey 's older brother Ryan be offered a tryout for the Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and bring Clint , who be noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Who did did did Dempsey 's older brother Ryan be offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and bring , who be noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Did did did Dempsey 's older brother Ryan be offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans , an elite youth soccer club , and bring Clint , who be noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Who did Several parents of his teammates with the Texans offer to assist the with expenses and travel , allowing him to rejoin the club?
Did Several parents of his teammates with the Texans offer to assist the Dempseys with expenses and travel , allowing him to rejoin the club?
Who was devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?
Did did did Dempsey be devastated with the family 's loss and later explain that this event help him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?
Who studied the play of Argentina's national team, especially Diego Maradona, and was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?
Be would Dempsey studied the play of Argentina 's national team , especially Diego Maradona , and was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona not playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?
Who attended Furman University as a health and exercise science major and a key player for Paladins soccer?
Did Dempsey attend Furman University as a health and exercise science major and a key player for Paladins soccer?
Who did Club careerNew England RevolutionNew England Revolution select eighth overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft?
When did Club careerNew England RevolutionNew England Revolution select Clint Dempsey eighth overall in the MLS SuperDraft?
Did Club careerNew England RevolutionNew England Revolution select Clint Dempsey eighth overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft?
Who scored the game-winning goal in the Eastern Conference Final on his way to an appearance in the MLS Cup Final?
Did Dempsey score the game-winning goal in the Eastern Conference Final on his way to an appearance in the MLS Cup Final?
Who did This make the most expensive American export to the Premier League in a deal worth a reported £ 2 million?
Did This make Dempsey the most expensive American export to the Premier League in a deal worth a reported £ 2 million?
Who did This make his debut in a 1– 1 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur on January 20 , 2007?
When did This make his Fulham debut in a 1– 1 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur on January 20 , 2007?
Did This make his Fulham debut in a 1– 1 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur on January 20 , 2007?
When did This 's FA Cup debut follow in a 3–0 home win over Stoke City?
Where did This 's FA Cup debut follow seven days later in a 3–0 home win over?
Did This 's FA Cup debut follow seven days later in a 3–0 home win over Stoke City?
Who scored his first goal for Fulham on 5 May when he struck the only goal of a 1–0 home win over Liverpool?
Did did Dempsey score his first goal for Fulham on 5 May when he strike the only goal of a 1–0 home win over Liverpool?
Who did did This goal save from relegation and effectively guarantee their place in the top-flight for the following season?
When did did This goal save Fulham from relegation and effectively guarantee their place in the top-flight for?
Did did This goal save Fulham from relegation and effectively guarantee their place in the top-flight for the following season?
Where did seasonDempsey follow this up by scoring in Fulham 's next fixture in a 3– 3 home draw against on September 1?
When did seasonDempsey follow this up by scoring in Fulham 's next fixture in a 3– 3 home draw against Tottenham on?
Did seasonDempsey follow this up by scoring in Fulham 's next fixture in a 3– 3 home draw against Tottenham on September 1?
Who did These goals give three in as many games?
Did These goals give Dempsey three in as many games?
Who scored his last goals of the season in a 1–1 home draw with Wigan Athletic and 5–1 away loss to Tottenham in December?
Did Dempsey score his last goals of the season in a 1– 1 home draw with Wigan Athletic and 5 – 1 away loss to Tottenham in December?
Who beat Portsmouth 1–0 on the final day of the season to secure Premier League status for another year?
Did Fulham beat Portsmouth 1–0 on the final day of the season to secure Premier League status for another year?
When did Fulham end as Fulham 's top Premier League goalscorer with six goals?
Did Fulham end the season as Fulham 's top Premier League goalscorer with six goals?
Who did did seasonDempsey replace in the side and score his first home goal of the season in a 3–0 win over Middlesbrough on December 20?
Where did did seasonDempsey replace Zoltan Gera in the side and score his first home goal of the season in a 3–0 win over on December 20?
When did did seasonDempsey replace Zoltan Gera in the side and score his first home goal of the season in a 3–0 win over Middlesbrough on?
Did did seasonDempsey replace Zoltan Gera in the side and score his first home goal of the season in a 3–0 win over Middlesbrough on December 20?
Who did 's final home goal of the season come in a 2– 1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers on March 11?
Who did Dempsey 's final home goal of the season come in a 2– 1 defeat to on March 11?
When did Dempsey 's final home goal of the season come in a 2– 1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers on?
Did Dempsey 's final home goal of the season come in a 2– 1 defeat to Blackburn Rovers on March 11?
Where did did Fulham come from a goal down to beat 3–1 away from home as Dempsey score two goals on April 12?
Who did did Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 3–1 away from home as score two goals on April 12?
When did did Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 3–1 away from home as Dempsey score two goals on?
Did did Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 3–1 away from home as Dempsey score two goals on April 12?
Who did did These goals help secure a seventh- place finish in the Premier League , the highest in the club 's history , and confirm their qualification for the newly formed UEFA Europa League for the following season?
When did did These goals help Fulham secure a seventh- place finish in the Premier League , the highest in the club 's history , and confirm their qualification for the newly formed UEFA Europa League for?
Did did These goals help Fulham secure a seventh- place finish in the Premier League , the highest in the club 's history , and confirm their qualification for the newly formed UEFA Europa League for the following season?
When did 2009 –10 seasonOn August 13 , 2009 , Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?
Who did 2009 –10 seasonOn August 13 , 2009 , sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?
When did 2009 –10 seasonOn August 13 , 2009 , Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through?
Did 2009 –10 seasonOn August 13 , 2009 , Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?
Where might The Guardian suggested that the goal " become the most famous goal in 's history "?
Might The Guardian suggested that the goal " become the most famous goal in Fulham 's history "?
When did Fulham 's performances throughout 2009 –10 earn him the designation of Most Valuable Player among Americans in Europe by SoccerOverThere.com , among other sources?
Did Fulham 's performances throughout 2009 –10 earn him the designation of Most Valuable Player among Americans in Europe by SoccerOverThere.com , among other sources?
When did did –11 seasonDempsey be on the substitutes ' bench for Fulham 's first two away games of 2010 – 11 , but become a regular starter , one of only five USA players in the Premier League to do so?
Where did did 2010–11 seasonDempsey be on the substitutes ' bench for Fulham 's first two away games of 2010 – 11 , but become a regular starter , one of only five players in the Premier League to do so?
Where did did 2010–11 seasonDempsey be on the substitutes ' bench for Fulham 's first two away games of 2010 – 11 , but become a regular starter , one of only five USA players in to do so?
Did did 2010–11 seasonDempsey be on the substitutes ' bench for Fulham 's first two away games of 2010 – 11 , but become a regular starter , one of only five USA players in the Premier League to do so?
Who did break Fulham 's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3–0 victory over Bolton on April 27 , 2011?
Who did Clint Dempsey break Fulham 's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3–0 victory over on April 27 , 2011?
When did Clint Dempsey break Fulham 's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3–0 victory over Bolton on April 27 , 2011?
Did Clint Dempsey break Fulham 's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3–0 victory over Bolton on April 27 , 2011?
Who has scored a total of 33 goals for the team in the Premier League, topping both Brian McBride and Steed Malbranque, each with 32?
Has Dempsey scored a total of 33 goals for the team in the Premier League , topping both Brian McBride and Steed Malbranque , each with 32?
When seasonDempsey scored a brace in the first leg of Fulham's 2011–12 Europa League play-off clash against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk at Craven Cottage?
Did 2011 –12 seasonDempsey score a brace in the first leg of Fulham 's 2011 –12 Europa League play - off clash against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk at Craven Cottage?
Who ended with two goals as Fulham ran out 3–0 winners, setting up a comfortable second leg in Ukraine?
Did did Dempsey end with two goals as Fulham run out 3–0 winners , setting up a comfortable second leg in Ukraine?
Who did The goal propel to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League , passing Fulham legend and fellow American Brian McBride?
Where did The goal propel Dempsey to become the most prolific goalscorer in the Premier League , passing Fulham legend and fellow American Brian McBride?
Who did The goal propel Dempsey to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League , passing legend and fellow American Brian McBride?
Who did The goal propel Dempsey to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League , passing Fulham legend and fellow American?
Did The goal propel Dempsey to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League , passing Fulham legend and fellow American Brian McBride?
Who scored his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2–0 home win against Bolton on December 17, lifting his side six points clear of the drop zone?
Did Dempsey score his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2–0 home win against Bolton on December 17 , lifting his side six points clear of the drop zone?
Who scored his 10th Premier League goal of the season, sixteenth in all competitions, in a 1–1 draw against former manager Roy Hodgson's West Brom on February 1, 2012?
Did Dempsey score his 10th Premier League goal of the season , sixteenth in all competitions , in a 1– 1 draw against former manager Roy Hodgson 's West Brom on February 1 , 2012?
Who did This run of good form see play higher - up the field into an orthodox striker position?
Did This run of good form see Dempsey play higher - up the field into an orthodox striker position?
Did It be therefore awarded as an own goal off the goalie?
Who scored his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign, bringing his tally to twenty-one in all competitions, in a 3–0 away win over Bolton Wanderers on April 7, the first a free kick and the second a header?
Did Dempsey score his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign , bringing his tally to twenty - one in all competitions , in a 3–0 away win over Bolton Wanderers on April 7 , the first a free kick and the second a header?
Who did The strikes move past Louis Saha 's record of thirteen Premier League goals for the club in a single season?
Who did The strikes move Dempsey past Louis Saha 's record of thirteen Premier League goals for the club in a single season?
When did The strikes move Dempsey past Louis Saha 's record of thirteen Premier League goals for the club in?
Did The strikes move Dempsey past Louis Saha 's record of thirteen Premier League goals for the club in a single season?
Who finished fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner, Arsenal's Robin van Persie, and Manchester United pair Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes, who came in second and third, respectively?
Did did Dempsey finish fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner , Arsenal 's Robin van Persie , and Manchester United pair Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes , who come in second and third , respectively?
Who became the first USA player to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League, with a free kick against Sunderland in the last home game of the season?
Did Dempsey become the first USA player to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League , with a free kick against Sunderland in the last home game of the season?
Who did August 31 , 2012 , Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three - year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
When did Tottenham HotspurOn August 31 , 2012 , Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three - year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
Who did Tottenham HotspurOn August 31 , 2012 , join Tottenham Hotspur on a three - year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
When did Tottenham HotspurOn August 31 , 2012 , Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three - year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
Did Tottenham HotspurOn August 31 , 2012 , Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three - year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
Who did The deal make the highest salaried US soccer player of all time?
Where did The deal make Dempsey the highest salaried soccer player of all time?
Did The deal make Dempsey the highest salaried US soccer player of all time?
Who scored his first and the eventual match-winning goal for Tottenham in a 3–2 win over Manchester United?
Did Dempsey score his first and the eventual match -winning goal for Tottenham in a 3– 2 win over Manchester United?
Who was the first time in 23 years that Tottenham had won at Old Trafford?
Had Dempsey was the first time in 23 years that Tottenham won at Old Trafford?
Who scored his second goal for Spurs in the 39th minute in an away game at Southampton in October?
Did Dempsey score his second goal for Spurs in the 39th minute in an away game at Southampton in October?
Who did 's third and fourth goals be scored against Everton in an eventual 2– 1 loss and a deflected effort against Reading on New Year 's Day to help his Spurs side win 3– 1?
Did Dempsey 's third and fourth goals be scored against Everton in an eventual 2– 1 loss and a deflected effort against Reading on New Year 's Day to help his Spurs side win 3– 1?
When did The goal be his fourth in four appearances in?
Did The goal be his fourth in four appearances in 2013?
Who was unable to make an impression against his old club on March 17, when Fulham came away from White Hart Lane with a 1–0 victory?
Did did Dempsey be unable to make an impression against his old club on March 17 , when Fulham come away from White Hart Lane with a 1–0 victory?
Who did The previous user of the number 2 shirt , , move to number 17?
Did The previous user of the number 2 shirt , DeAndre Yedlin , move to number 17?
Who made his league debut for Seattle on August 10, 2013 in a 2–1 victory over Toronto FC?
Did Dempsey make his league debut for Seattle on August 10 , 2013 in a 2– 1 victory over Toronto FC?
Who entered the match as a 34th-minute substitute after Obafemi Martins came off with an ankle injury?
Did did Dempsey enter the match as a 34th - minute substitute after Obafemi Martins come off with an ankle injury?
Who made his return debut on January 4, 2014 in the Third Round of the FA Cup against Norwich City?
Did Dempsey make his return debut on January 4 , 2014 in the Third Round of the FA Cup against Norwich City?
Who had made a return to form, scoring a hat-trick against Portland Timbers, and recording braces against FC Dallas and the Colorado Rapids, leaving his goal tally at 8 in 5 games for 2014?
Had Dempsey made a return to form , scoring a hat -trick against Portland Timbers , and recording braces against FC Dallas and the Colorado Rapids , leaving his goal tally at 8 in 5 games for 2014?
Did did The Sounders finish the match with seven men through three dismissals and an injury , and lose 1– 3 at home?
When did career make his first appearance with the senior team on November 17 , 2004 , against Jamaica in qualification for the 2006 World Cup , replacing Ramiro Corrales for the final 23 minutes of a 1–1 draw at the Columbus Crew Stadium?
Where did career make his first appearance with the senior team on November 17 , 2004 , against in qualification for the 2006 World Cup , replacing Ramiro Corrales for the final 23 minutes of a 1–1 draw at the Columbus Crew Stadium?
Who did career make his first appearance with the senior team on November 17 , 2004 , against Jamaica in qualification for the 2006 World Cup , replacing for the final 23 minutes of a 1–1 draw at the Columbus Crew Stadium?
Did career make his first appearance with the senior team on November 17 , 2004 , against Jamaica in qualification for the 2006 World Cup , replacing Ramiro Corrales for the final 23 minutes of a 1–1 draw at the Columbus Crew Stadium?
Where did tournament be the only American player to score a goal in the tournament , a group stage elimination , with his equalizing goal in the Americans ' eventual 2– 1 loss to?
Did tournament be the only American player to score a goal in the tournament , a group stage elimination , with his equalizing goal in the Americans ' eventual 2– 1 loss to Ghana?
Where did did tournament win the highest individual honor in football in when he be named Honda Player of the Year for 2006 , beating Fulham teammates Kasey Keller and Brian McBride in a poll of sportswriters?
When did did tournament win the highest individual honor in football in America when he be named Honda Player of the Year for , beating Fulham teammates Kasey Keller and Brian McBride in a poll of sportswriters?
Who did did tournament win the highest individual honor in football in America when he be named Honda Player of the Year for 2006 , beating Fulham teammates and Brian McBride in a poll of sportswriters?
Who did did tournament win the highest individual honor in football in America when he be named Honda Player of the Year for 2006 , beating Fulham teammates Kasey Keller and in a poll of sportswriters?
Did did tournament win the highest individual honor in football in America when he be named Honda Player of the Year for 2006 , beating Fulham teammates Kasey Keller and Brian McBride in a poll of sportswriters?
Who received 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
Did Dempsey receive 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
Did He be named the Man of the Match for his performance?
Who scored in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil, redirecting a similar cross from Spector in the 10th minute to open the scoring?
Did Dempsey score in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil , redirecting a similar cross from Spector in the 10th minute to open the scoring?
Who ended the World Cup qualifying campaign tied with Landon Donovan as the team's second top scorer, behind Jozy Altidore, with five goals in thirteen matches?
Did Dempsey end the World Cup qualifying campaign tied with Landon Donovan as the team 's second top scorer , behind Jozy Altidore , with five goals in thirteen matches?
Who did 's disallowed goal later in the tournament against Algeria in the group stage be very controversial?
Where did Dempsey 's disallowed goal later in the tournament against in the group stage be very controversial?
Did Dempsey 's disallowed goal later in the tournament against Algeria in the group stage be very controversial?
Who did assist on the goal , allowing the United States to win for the first time against Italy in eleven games played since 1934?
Where did Jozy Altidore assist on the goal , allowing to win for the first time against Italy in eleven games played since 1934?
Where did Jozy Altidore assist on the goal , allowing the United States to win for the first time against in eleven games played since 1934?
When did Jozy Altidore assist on the goal , allowing the United States to win for the first time against Italy in eleven games played since?
Did Jozy Altidore assist on the goal , allowing the United States to win for the first time against Italy in eleven games played since 1934?
When did 2014 World Cup and 2015 Gold CupDempsey break his own fastest- goal record in World Cup qualifying on , scoring just 39 seconds into a 2– 1 defeat against Jamaica in Kingston?
Where did 2014 World Cup and 2015 Gold CupDempsey break his own fastest- goal record in World Cup qualifying on September 7 , scoring just 39 seconds into a 2– 1 defeat against in Kingston?
Where did 2014 World Cup and 2015 Gold CupDempsey break his own fastest- goal record in World Cup qualifying on September 7 , scoring just 39 seconds into a 2– 1 defeat against Jamaica in?
Did 2014 World Cup and 2015 Gold CupDempsey break his own fastest- goal record in World Cup qualifying on September 7 , scoring just 39 seconds into a 2– 1 defeat against Jamaica in Kingston?
Where did The goals help advance into the final qualifying stage for the 2014 World Cup?
Did The goals help the United States advance into the final qualifying stage for the 2014 World Cup?
Who did The goals be his 34th and 35th overall for the national team , surpassing as second all - time top-goalscorer for the United States?
Where did The goals be his 34th and 35th overall for the national team , surpassing Eric Wynalda as second all - time top-goalscorer for?
Did The goals be his 34th and 35th overall for the national team , surpassing Eric Wynalda as second all - time top-goalscorer for the United States?
Who became the 14th American to reach 100 caps on September 6, 2013, netting a penalty in a 3–1 away defeat to Costa Rica in a qualifier?
Did Dempsey become the 14th American to reach 100 caps on September 6 , 2013 , netting a penalty in a 3– 1 away defeat to Costa Rica in a qualifier?
Did he be the fastest goal in American World Cup history , and fifth fastest goal in all - time World Cup history?
Who went on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeated Ghana 2–1?
Did did Dempsey go on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeat Ghana 2–1?
Who did This goal draw level with Bert Patenaude as the second-highest goalscoring American in the World Cup , one behind Landon Donovan?
Who did This goal draw Dempsey level with as the second-highest goalscoring American in the World Cup , one behind Landon Donovan?
Who did This goal draw Dempsey level with Bert Patenaude as the second-highest goalscoring American in the World Cup , one behind?
Did This goal draw Dempsey level with Bert Patenaude as the second-highest goalscoring American in the World Cup , one behind Landon Donovan?
Who do They have four children , a son named , a daughter named Elyse , a son named Jackson and a daughter named Sophia?
Who do They have four children , a son named Clayton , a daughter named , a son named Jackson and a daughter named Sophia?
Who do They have four children , a son named Clayton , a daughter named Elyse , a son named and a daughter named Sophia?
Who do They have four children , a son named Clayton , a daughter named Elyse , a son named Jackson and a daughter named?
Do They have four children , a son named Clayton , a daughter named Elyse , a son named Jackson and a daughter named Sophia?
Who is a Roman Catholic?
Does Dempsey be a Roman Catholic?
Who has spoken about his faith saying, "I play to the best of my abilities and am thankful for the many opportunities and amazing success [God] has given me?
Has has Dempsey spoken about his faith saying , " I play to the best of my abilities and am thankful for the many opportunities and amazing success [ God ] given me?
Who is a fan of the NFL's Houston Texans?
Does Dempsey be a fan of the NFL 's Houston Texans?
Who does MusicOne of 's passions outside of soccer be hip hop music?
Does MusicOne of Dempsey 's passions outside of soccer be hip hop music?
Who did does The song 's video be dedicated to his sister , who , at age 16 , be suddenly struck with a fatal brain aneurysm?
When did does The song 's video be dedicated to his sister Jennifer , who , at age , be suddenly struck with a fatal brain aneurysm?
Did does The song 's video be dedicated to his sister Jennifer , who , at age 16 , be suddenly struck with a fatal brain aneurysm?
Who played for Premier League team Fulham?
Did Dempsey play for Premier League team Fulham?
Who is the club 's highest Premier League goalscorer of all time?
Does Dempsey be the club 's highest Premier League goalscorer of all time?
Who represented the United States at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship?
Did Dempsey represent the United States at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship?
Who made his first appearance with the senior team on November 17, 2004, against Jamaica?
Did Dempsey make his first appearance with the senior team on November 17 , 2004 , against Jamaica?
Who has represented the nation at four CONCACAF Gold Cups (winning two)?
Has Dempsey represented the nation at four CONCACAF Gold Cups ( winning two )?
Who helped them to the final of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup?
Did Dempsey help them to the final of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup?
Who played at three FIFA World Cups?
Did Dempsey play at three FIFA World Cups?
Who became a standout on the team at an early age?
Did Dempsey become a standout on the team at an early age?
Who had to quit due to his family 's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
Was Dempsey had to quit due to his family 's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
Who went on to be the captain and high scorer of the Texans?
Did Dempsey go on to be the captain and high scorer of the Texans?
Who was honored with the MVP of the Tampa Bay Sun Bowl tournament?
Did Dempsey be honored with the MVP of the Tampa Bay Sun Bowl tournament?
Who helped the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals?
Did Dempsey help the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals?
Who earned 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors?
Did Dempsey earn 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors?
When did 2008–09 make the Fulham XI only once in the first eleven fixtures of?
Did 2008–09 make the Fulham XI only once in the first eleven fixtures of the 2008–09 season?
Where did 2008–09 score his first goal in a 1 – 1 away draw at on October 26 after coming on as a substitute?
When did 2008–09 score his first goal in a 1 – 1 away draw at Portsmouth on after coming on as a substitute?
Did 2008–09 score his first goal in a 1 – 1 away draw at Portsmouth on October 26 after coming on as a substitute?
Who came off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg, last - 16 tie in the Europa League?
Did Dempsey come off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg , last - 16 tie in the Europa League?
Who scored the winner on a long chip shot?
Did Dempsey score the winner on a long chip shot?
Who did run 's be deflected by Stoke goalkeeper?
Did run 's be deflected by Stoke goalkeeper Thomas Sørensen?
Who scored a long range goal?
Did Dempsey score a long range goal?
Who added an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 2–1 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
Did Dempsey add an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 2–1 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
